Move generates src to target folder (#533)
wso2/product-microgateway: README.md

#### How to run the microgateway distribution

> Once the **init, build** commands are executed, a executable file with extension .balx will be created under target folder inside the project.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Once the **init, build** commands are executed, an executable file with extension .balx will be created under target directory inside the project.
```

6. Lets run the executable file using the micro gateway runtime docker image
```

> docker run -d -v <PROJECT_TARGET__PATH>:/home/exec/ -p 9095:9095 -p 9090:9090 -e project="petstore-project"  wso2/wso2micro-gw:3.0.0-beta2

Reviewer: ```suggestion
docker run -d -v <PROJECT_TARGET_PATH>:/home/exec/ -p 9095:9095 -p 9090:9090 -e project="petstore-project"  wso2/wso2micro-gw:3.0.0-beta2
```

> <PROJECT_TARGET__PATH> - The path of the target directoy created inside the project directory

Reviewer: ```suggestion
<PROJECT_TARGET_PATH> - The path of the target directoy created inside the project directory
```
